README.md, before:

# Rated Layouts

An <cl>Alternative Rating System</c> that focus on rating classic layout levels! It adds a new rating type called <cl>Rated Layouts</c> that rates based on the level's layout design rather than gameplay difficulty.
This mod intergretes seemlessly with the current rating system and improved <cr>Demon Ratings</c> by providing a more accurate representation of a level's difficulty. <cr>This does not include Platformers levels to be rated</c>.

<co>You can view all suggested (Send) layout levels at the Search Tab. You can find the new tabs at the Quick Search Menu.</c>

## Feature

- **Layout Rating System**: Rates levels based on layout design, and fun gameplay. It doesn't focus on the decoration and more on the actual gameplay of the level!
- **Seamless Integration**: Works alongside the existing rating system, this won't replace the current rating system but rather provide an alternative.
- **Improved Demon Ratings**: More accurate demon ratings by introducing new difficulty value. <cy>10-30 blueprint stars for rated demon layout levels</cy>!
- **Faster Rating Process**: Community focus rating system which makes it easier to get levels rated quickly.
- **Moderator Badges**: Special badges for moderators to identify the layout moderators and admins!
- **Earn New Blueprint Stars**: Earn blueprint stars by completing rated layout levels!
- **New Blueprint Creator Points**: Get Blueprint Creator Points whenever you get a rated layout level!

Commit message:

updating the readme and ready for beta test

README.md, after:

# Rated Layouts

An <cl>Alternative Rating System</c> that focus on rating classic layout levels! It adds a new rating type called <cl>Rated Layouts</c> that rates based on the level's layout design and interesting gameplay.

This mod intergretes seemlessly with the current rating system and improved <cr>Demon Ratings</c> by providing a more accurate representation of a level's difficulty. <cr>This does not include Platformers levels to be rated</c>.

<co>You can find the list of Rated Layouts at the Quick Search Menu on the Search Tab. (Next Page)</c>

## Feature

- **Layout Rating System**: Rates levels based on layout design, and fun gameplay. It doesn't focus on the decoration and more on the actual gameplay of the level!
- **Seamless Integration**: Works alongside the existing rating system, this won't replace the current rating system but rather provide an alternative.
- **Improved Demon Ratings**: More accurate demon ratings by introducing new difficulty value. <cy>10-30 blueprint stars for rated demon layout levels</cy>!
- **Faster Rating Process**: Community focus rating system which makes it easier to get levels rated quickly.
- **Moderator Badges**: Special badges for moderators to identify the layout moderators and admins!
- **Earn New Blueprint Stars**: Earn blueprint stars by completing rated layout levels!
- **New Blueprint Creator Points**: Get Blueprint Creator Points whenever you get a rated layout level!
*... and the best part...*
- **Admins Rates Layout Levels**: Admins can now rate layout levels directly, similar to how <co>Rob<cl>top</c> rates official levels!

# Up-coming Features

- **Custom Achievements**: Custom Achievements for completing rated layout levels and achieving milestones.
- **Leaderboard Integration**: Compete with other players on leaderboards for the most Blueprint Stars and Blueprint Creator Points!

<co>**Note:** This is currently in beta and expected to have some bugs and unfinished features. Please report any issues you encounter!</c>

![king](arcticwoof.twitch_interactive/king.png)
